Fix/content_readthedocs1 (#119)
rl-institut/offgridders: docs/Home.rst

* **Versatile application and scenario definition**.

>     Through scenario definitions, a \

Reviewer: I think you can remove the "\" here and everywhere (or are they from you?) - the new line is created automatically. I wonder if this came from one of my latex documents...

    multitude of energy system models (cases) can be defined. The energy system model’s \

>     capacity and their dispatch are optimized. All possible simulations of the energy system, \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    capacity and their dispatch are optimized. All electricity supply systems can be simulated, whose energy system model 
```

    can be reduced to a combination of the following components: AC and/or DC demand, \
    generator, photovoltaic (PV) panels, storage, inverters, rectifiers, wind plant and connection to a national grid.

* **User-friendly interface**.
    All simulation parameters, project locations and scenarios

>     can be defined within a single excel file (see Configuration). **The time series linked to one or multiple project locations can be defined in one or multiple .csv file(s)** (This is not really clear, means parallel simulation of diferent cases with different time-series?). Even though it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    can be defined within a single excel file (see Configuration). The timeseries of demand and renewable resources have to be defined as one or multiple .csv file(s). They can be used to define one or multiple project locations (batch analysis). Even though it
```

    is necessary to install Python as well as required packages and execute the tool via a
    command-line interface (e.g. miniconda), this should enable users without programming
    experience to use the tool without having to edit any of the provided code.

* **Multitude of input parameters, sensitivity analysis**.
    Numerous parameters can
    be defined to characterize the electricity solution to be simulated, including many

>     techno-economical parameters (see  **Input Values**). A sensitivity analysis of any parameter can evaluate its influence on the overall optimization results. The simulation can run for any time

Reviewer: > **Input Values**

I think this is supposed to be a link to an rst file?
